Make OpenTelemetrySdk implement the OpenTelemetry interface and have SPI find it. (#1857)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java: QUICKSTART.md

libraries will obtain a real implementation only if the user application is configured for it. For
more details, check out the [Library Guidelines].

## Setting up the SDK

> To get started, setup the OpenTelemetry SDK - note that if you are using a different implementation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, set up the OpenTelemetry SDK - note that if you are using a different implementation 
```

of the OpenTelemetry API, you should refer to the configuration instructions for that SDK. Also, if
you are using the Auto-Instrumentation Agent, the SDK is configured by the agent itself and you

> should not setup your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should not set up your own.
```

> You can setup a basic configuration that exports traces to a logging stream like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up a basic configuration that exports traces to a logging stream like this:
```

```java
OpenTelemetry openTelemetry = OpenTelemetrySdk.builder()
    .setTracerProvider(
        TracerSdkProvider.builder()
            .setSpanProcessors(
                SimpleSpanProcessor.builder(new LoggingSpanExporter()).build())
            .build())
    .build();
```

Note that a preconfigured `OpenTelemetry` can be retrieved by calling `OpenTelemetry.get()`. If you
are using the Auto-Instrumentation Agent, it will be the `OpenTelemetry` that the agent configured.

> Otherwise, it will enable propagation of context to remote servers but will not export any spans.

Reviewer: I'd make it clear that this is only if you haven't manually installed an SDK.

```java
Tracer tracer =
    openTelemetry.getTracer("instrumentation-library-name","semver:1.0.0");
```

### Create basic Span
To create a basic span, you only need to specify the name of the span.
The start and end time of the span is automatically set by the OpenTelemetry SDK.
```java
Span span = tracer.spanBuilder("my span").startSpan();

> try (Scope scope = tracer.withSpan(span)) {

Reviewer: `tracer.withSpan` is gone. This should be `Context.with(span).makeCurrent()`, right?

Author: And something else soon - I'm taking this change out of this PR anyways since we'd want to do it with the next release.

builder.setMaxNumberOfLinks(10);

// Update the resulting TraceConfig instance
OpenTelemetry openTelemetry = OpenTelemetrySdk.builder()
    .setTracerProvider(
        TracerSdkProvider.builder()
            ...
            .setTraceConfig(builder.build())
        .build())
    .build();
```

Supported system properties and environment variables:

| System property                  | Environment variable             | Purpose                                                                                             | 
|----------------------------------|----------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|       
| otel.config.sampler.probability  | OTEL_CONFIG_SAMPLER_PROBABILITY  | Sampler which is used when constructing a new span (default: 1)                                     |                        

> | otel.config.max.attrs            | OTEL_CONFIG_MAX_ATTRS            | Max number of attributes per span, extra will be dropped (default: 32)                              |                        

Reviewer: was this supposed to sneak into this PR?
